Testnet node release Sept 2022 (#604)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/resources/release-notes.rst

   Prior to Sirius, the nodes enforced that a transaction could not be deployed until 2 hours before its expiry date. With Sirius, node validation of transactions has been improved and the 2 hour window has been removed.

September 28, 2022

Concordium Node 4.4.X
---------------------

Concordium Node 4.4.X contains performance improvements and bug fixes.

> - Fix a bug in Ctrl-C signal handling where a node would fail to stop if interrupted early on in the startup if out-of-band catchup was enabled.
> - database-exporter now produces a collection of export files, instead of a single file. The new --chunksize option specifies the size of export files in blocks.
> - The --download-blocks-from option now takes the URL to the catchup index file, permitting to only download and import catchup files containing blocks not already present in the database.
> - Smart contract state is no longer cached on startup and is not cached after finalization.
> - Verify pending blocks earlier when possible and do not relay pending blocks.
> - Speed up and reduce memory overhead during protocol updates.
> - Smart contract modules are no longer retained in memory. Module artifacts are loaded as needed during contract execution. Metadata is cached for a limited number of smart contract modules. By default, the cache will retain metadata for at most 100 smart contract modules, and this is configurable via the --modules-cache-size command line argument or by using the CONCORDIUM_NODE_CONSENSUS_MODULES_CACHE_SIZE environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.4.3

- Smart contract state is no longer cached on startup and is not cached after
  finalization. This reduces node's memory use and startup time.

- Smart contract modules are no longer retained in memory. Module artifacts are loaded as needed
  during contract execution. Metadata is cached for a limited number of smart contract modules.
  By default, the cache will retain metadata for at most 1000 smart contract modules, and this is
  configurable via the `--modules-cache-size` command line argument or by using the 
  `CONCORDIUM_NODE_CONSENSUS_MODULES_CACHE_SIZE` environment variable.

- Speed up and reduce memory overhead during protocol updates. Overhead in
  memory use during protocol updates should now be less than 20%, and time to
  process a protocol update should be around 1/3 of the previous release.

- The node now validates blocks more eagerly and does not relay blocks it cannot
  fit into the tree, i.e., pending blocks.

- The `--download-blocks-from` option now takes the URL to the catchup _index file_, permitting to
  only download and import catchup files containing blocks not already present in the database.

- Partial node database recovery. The node is now able to recover from the most
  common causes of its database corruption.

- Fix typo in environment variable `CONCORDIUM_NODE_PROMETHEUS_LISTEN_ADDRESSS` (remove trailing `S`).

- Fix a bug in Ctrl-C signal handling where a node would fail to stop if
  interrupted early on in the startup if out-of-band catchup was enabled.
```
Tried to cleanup a bit.
